todo.md, before:

## Write API tests.

2 hours


### Resources

Django testing: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.2/topics/testing/

unittest API: https://docs.python.org/3/library/unittest.html#unittest.TestCase

DRF testing tools: https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/testing/

Example of well-written Django/DRF test suite (Netbox): https://github.com/netbox-community/netbox/blob/develop/netbox/dcim/tests/test_api.py


## Write better model tests

2 hours

Observe how Netbox tests their models: https://github.com/netbox-community/netbox/blob/develop/netbox/dcim/tests/test_models.py

They are testing interactions.


## Look into why API doesn't seem to be requiring authentication


## Order querysets for serializers to make pagination consistent

1 hour

See warning message:

```
web_1  | /usr/local/lib/python3.9/site-packages/rest_framework/pagination.py:200: UnorderedObjectListWarning: Pagination may yield inconsistent results with an unordered object_list: <class 'games.models.Show'> QuerySet.
web_1  |   paginator = self.django_paginator_class(queryset, page_size)
```


## Add a "card type" field to Card model/serializer/viewset

1 hour

Otherwise, may run into the issue of seeing a Card but not knowing whether it's
a Person, Weapon, or Room.

Can possibly just add a property to the Card model whose value is `type(self)`?

Or, add a `card_type` to the base model, default to Null, and then have it
auto-initialized to hard-coded values for the subclasses?  Is that any better
than just reverting to having a card_type field as a Django TextChoice nested
class?


## Override the Game create view/serializer to improve workflow

Exploratory, more than 2 hours

Creating a game should ideally involve creating Players and Cards, without
breaking flow to do that separately.

Possible ways to handle:
- Have the create view pull pre-entered card set options from a source (a separate app or service?)
- Use Writable Nested Serialization for Players (and possibly Cards)

### Resources

https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/serializers/#writable-nested-representations
https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/serializers/#specifying-nested-serialization
https://github.com/beda-software/drf-writable-nested

Commit message:

Add model tests and update model schema
Add more thorough tests for models.

Unify PersonCard, WeaponCard, and RoomCard classes/tables into Card
class with a "kind" property defined to distinguish card types.

Remove inheritance structure underneath Have, Pass, and Show classes to
allow each class to be back-referenced directly by their individual
class name from their associated objects.  We don't lose much DRYness
because behaviorally, they have little in common.  (If we want
inheritance back in the future, an alternate option could be to partly
unify them with a base class with a "kind" property similar to Cards
above.)

todo.md, after:

## Write API tests.

2 hours


### Resources

Django testing: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.2/topics/testing/

unittest API: https://docs.python.org/3/library/unittest.html#unittest.TestCase

DRF testing tools: https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/testing/

Example of well-written Django/DRF test suite (Netbox): https://github.com/netbox-community/netbox/blob/develop/netbox/dcim/tests/test_api.py


## Basic model validation

Brainstorm:
- Haves, Passes, and Shows players and cards' Games must be consistent.
- Haves and Passes cannot contradict each other.
- Haves and Passes cannot be duplicate.  (How to handle duplicate creation
  attempt?)
- Shows cannot be for all-passed cards.
- Player Haves cannot exceed hand_size.
- Player Passes cannot exceed ncards - hand_size.
- Card passes cannot exceed nplayers.


## Firewall API views to enforce game-consistency

Require all Player, Card, Have, Pass, and Show list views to refer to a
specific game in order to retrieve data.

https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/filtering/#custom-generic-filtering


## Look into why API doesn't seem to be requiring authentication


## Order querysets for serializers to make pagination consistent

1 hour

See warning message:

```
web_1  | /usr/local/lib/python3.9/site-packages/rest_framework/pagination.py:200: UnorderedObjectListWarning: Pagination may yield inconsistent results with an unordered object_list: <class 'games.models.Show'> QuerySet.
web_1  |   paginator = self.django_paginator_class(queryset, page_size)
```


## Add a "card type" field to Card model/serializer/viewset

1 hour

Otherwise, may run into the issue of seeing a Card but not knowing whether it's
a Person, Weapon, or Room.

Can possibly just add a property to the Card model whose value is `type(self)`?

Or, add a `card_type` to the base model, default to Null, and then have it
auto-initialized to hard-coded values for the subclasses?  Is that any better
than just reverting to having a card_type field as a Django TextChoice nested
class?

Here is how Netbox does choices: https://github.com/netbox-community/netbox/blob/27c0e6dd5e8732483533dbf3d4333a81fe9e7948/netbox/dcim/choices.py#L135


## Override the Game create view/serializer to improve workflow

Exploratory, more than 2 hours

Creating a game should ideally involve creating Players and Cards, without
breaking flow to do that separately.

Possible ways to handle:
- Have the create view pull pre-entered card set options from a source (a separate app or service?)
- Use Writable Nested Serialization for Players (and possibly Cards)

### Resources

https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/serializers/#writable-nested-representations
https://www.django-rest-framework.org/api-guide/serializers/#specifying-nested-serialization
https://github.com/beda-software/drf-writable-nested
